Add the "covidregionaldata" package (#7)
cran-task-views/Epidemiology: Epidemiology.md

    ratio of each assay. The mutation ratio is conducive to evaluating the
    coverage of RT-PCR assays in large-sized samples. [Mercatelli, D. and
    Giorgi, F. M. (2020)](https://doi.org/10.20944/preprints202004.0529.v1).
-   `r pkg("CovidMutations")`: A feasible framework for mutation analysis and
    reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay evaluation of
    COVID-19, including mutation profile visualization, statistics and mutation
    ratio of each assay. The mutation ratio is conducive to evaluating the
    coverage of RT-PCR assays in large-sized samples. [Mercatelli, D. and
    Giorgi, F. M. (2020)](https://doi.org/10.20944/preprints202004.0529.v1).

> -   `r pkg("covidregionaldata")`: An interface to subnational and national level 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `r github("epiforecasts/covidregionaldata")`: An interface to subnational and national level 
```

Author: Thank you @Bisaloo for your comment and references.

I believe it might be a good idea to commit your suggestion for the moment and then eventually remove it in the future when the whole repo will be archived.
